Report: 07/07/2020 15:46:02
# === Suspicious Delegacy Changes === 
* Suspicious delegacy change in The Anomaly 
https://www.nationstates.net/region=the_anomaly
* Suspicious delegacy change in Pastnow 
https://www.nationstates.net/region=pastnow
* Suspicious delegacy change in Anarchy State 
https://www.nationstates.net/region=anarchy_state
* Suspicious delegacy change in Fortnite Union 
https://www.nationstates.net/region=fortnite_union
* Suspicious delegacy change in Spontania 
https://www.nationstates.net/region=spontania
* Suspicious delegacy change in A Train To Autumn 
https://www.nationstates.net/region=a_train_to_autumn
* Suspicious delegacy change in Union Of The Pacific Tribes 
https://www.nationstates.net/region=union_of_the_pacific_tribes
* Suspicious delegacy change in Sanhab Power Region 
https://www.nationstates.net/region=sanhab_power_region
* Suspicious delegacy change in The Experiment 2 
https://www.nationstates.net/region=the_experiment_2
* Suspicious delegacy change in A Roleplayers Haven 
https://www.nationstates.net/region=a_roleplayers_haven
* Suspicious delegacy change in The Bordelian Coast 
https://www.nationstates.net/region=the_bordelian_coast
* Suspicious delegacy change in The Sith United Nations 
https://www.nationstates.net/region=the_sith_united_nations
* Suspicious delegacy change in Touhouforum 
https://www.nationstates.net/region=touhouforum
* Suspicious delegacy change in Misha Collins 
https://www.nationstates.net/region=misha_collins
# === Likely Defence Operations === 
* Likely defence operation in Eunomia 
https://www.nationstates.net/region=eunomia
* Likely defence operation in The United Khalifaht Of The Muslim World 
https://www.nationstates.net/region=the_united_khalifaht_of_the_muslim_world
* Likely defence operation in The Holy Natzi Empire 
https://www.nationstates.net/region=the_holy_natzi_empire
* Likely defence operation in Leftist Gang 
https://www.nationstates.net/region=leftist_gang
* Likely defence operation in Petram 
https://www.nationstates.net/region=petram
* Likely defence operation in The Allied Brethren 
https://www.nationstates.net/region=the_allied_brethren
* Likely defence operation in Northern Union 
https://www.nationstates.net/region=northern_union
* Likely defence operation in Raidstation 
https://www.nationstates.net/region=raidstation
* Likely defence operation in Copper 
https://www.nationstates.net/region=copper
* Likely defence operation in Esra 
https://www.nationstates.net/region=esra
* Likely defence operation in Grand Kingdom Free Region 
https://www.nationstates.net/region=grand_kingdom_free_region
* Likely defence operation in The Duckist Union 
https://www.nationstates.net/region=the_duckist_union
* Likely defence operation in Indo Afrika 
https://www.nationstates.net/region=indo_afrika
* Likely defence operation in Femisphere 
https://www.nationstates.net/region=femisphere
* Likely defence operation in Bigbois 
https://www.nationstates.net/region=bigbois
* Likely defence operation in West Capitalist Agreement 
https://www.nationstates.net/region=west_capitalist_agreement
* Likely defence operation in Region Balkanskih Nacija 
https://www.nationstates.net/region=region_balkanskih_nacija
* Likely defence operation in Sencho Pact Puppet Region 
https://www.nationstates.net/region=sencho_pact_puppet_region
